add our-first-demo-day (#10)
PSLmodels/blog: _posts/2020-11-18-our-first-demo-day.md

---
toc: true
layout: post
description: The first in Policy Simulation Library's new live demo series describes specifying tax reforms.
categories: [demo-days]
author: Matt Jensen
title: Our first PSL Demo Day
---

Check out the video:

{% include youtube.html content='https://www.youtube.com/embed/AFJq4ZrwEqA' %}

We will host Demo Days every two weeks until the end of the year.

> You can see our schedule [here](https://www.pslmodels.org/events.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see our schedule on [our events page](https://www.pslmodels.org/events.html).
```
